translation prepared for the site writes prian.ru
we love older
hello my name is valentine i am
I lead the program we prepare together with
the dog
today we will prepare two kinds
Nikita Lobintsev face skewers
sweet soy sauce
let's then and on behalf of the client and 200
person
take chicken meat
oh and those skin
scissors cut me neck
fortunately not to offend costing a knife to
the meat became soft
cut into tents then cut
Palatkina Kosov glasses
cut off the Persian cones then
cut green vvk into large pieces
remove legs from shiitake mushrooms
peel the garlic clove
and made the cinema 4 the other side
the knife
cut the estuary horrible
and then cut you and give
then anniversary bamboo skewers
water so that they are not burnt
now 3 hectares 101 villages media dress and coloring
pour pan and drill began to look
writer
add brown sugar
and garlic
turn on the middle fire
Smaller IT that would be a small part
Sakharov dissolved
when the posts and
Anna is with them now
you and shouting apple trees pass became a father
cool down a bit
Now we will do Nikita GEL
in addition to fighting with powder and stringing
take turns meat
now just the remaining outskirts
then dropped bursts of checklist list 6 locks
and at the end add the burned ones.
at the last skewer stringing guest
peppers cones then
Now we will prepare Nikita
Arina Kebab Furnace
printers saved to create
we and the development of salted and vegetable children
favorite
when they roast a little turn
one other side
and the Nikita vegetable planet is arrested
fry slightly
and positively plate
court then salty children then they will
ready to put them on the plate
and the rest of Nikita they will be in sweet
sauce
reject if the tariff he said
presumably back to the oven
Pierre thousand and get ready
pick them up on a plate
repeat the face recognition procedure
hair is created two to four times
until you are considered golden
brown
ready nikita cook
Ukrainian tennis players
sought after
when feeding salty wild fare
lemon juice
alikin whether in salochki
can submit 6 7 and 7 inspections
soy sauces and seasonings residents
popular combination
it seemed the anniversary fare can be stored in
refrigerated and heated before
good luck reuse
on the kitchen